I wish the Empress Dowager a thousand years.
May the Empress Dowager be blessed abundantly.
May her life be as long as Nanshan.
In the previous life, they poisoned Princess Loulan.
I fear that if Biyuan keeps a close watch and fails,
they will definitely advance another level.
This bird embroidery is really good.
But the phoenix lacks some charm.
Aside from the Empress,
other consorts
do not have the right to be gifted a phoenix in their embroidery.
It’s normal for palace maids to be inexperienced.
In the future, they should focus more on bird and flower patterns.
As for the phoenix, better not to embroider it.
It’s a waste of effort. I will respectfully follow the Empress Dowager's teaching.
Be careful.
Ah!
Cai Yi!
Sheng Wo, listen carefully.
You need to investigate today’s incident thoroughly.
All involved parties,
from the Empress Dowager to the palace maids,
interrogate everyone with suspicion.
I give you the authority as if I were present myself.
If you still can’t find the result,
then you and all the wise men will face death.